Walk them back.
Let's start to make these numbers look a little bit better.
And before we get to the progressive webapps score let's try and get the accessibility and ASIO's score
to 100.
If we scroll down we see that we have an X over here for Avoid invisible text while fonts are loading.
Lighthouse does a great job of giving you resources to show you what to do.
But essentially it's saying that if we're using the font family to download that really awesome font.
Let's see the Sega Logo font.
And you're using font face.
Let me make this a little bit smaller then consider using the font display feature and you can learn
more about it here.
But the idea is that we want something like the swap property that swaps the font face in as soon as
it loads.
So this means that browsers draw out text immediately and when the font face is loaded it will swap
it.
So this way the user will see that what will see the rebel friends text on the screen a lot sooner.
Let's do that.
We're going to go here.
And type in font display and we'll say swap and Lighthouse is really good at giving you pretty specific
hints of what you can do with your app if we keep scrolling down.
We'll skip over the progress of web app for now we see that for accessibility.
They want the form elements to have Sosia labels.
Now accessibility is a very important topic and this is why it's included in the Lyce House score because
not everybody can view a web site regularly like you and I.
Some people might need screen readers or might have to access web sites in different ways and by creating
your web site or a web app in an accessible way that means you're opening it up to people to experience
your website in different ways.
Such as screen readers.
So in our case you can read more about it here but we want to make sure that we let people know with
screen readers what this input is about.
We know that it's to search the robots and it actually gives you the line.
Let's go back here to our card or to the search box where we have this input and in here we can add
something called Aryeh label and we give this input a label that screen readers can use.
And we'll just say search robots will say that and let's keep scrolling down.
We also see here that for ex-CEO we have a document does not have a meta description.
And if we click on here again we get a nice little description that says meto name description with
content describing our Web site.
And this is recommended practice for SEO so that when Web site crawlers read our Web site they can see
the description tag and understand what our Web site is about.
So let's go at that in our index.
A shim alpha can just add it here.
We'll describe our Web site and we'll say that where robots make Prince.
All right.
Let's go back to the report and everything else looks pretty good.
We have some performance issues here such as we conserve images in next gen formats but that is the
robot's images.
And unfortunately because this is an API we don't have too much control over it unless we actually want
to receive them beforehand and change them ourselves.
But for now let's not do that.
That's not too bad.
But let's take a look at the images and how we might be able to optimize the if I go back to the Web
site and I open up the network tab.
Let's refresh your.
I see all the robots coming in.
And if I click on here I see that even though I said 200 by 200 I'm getting 300 pixels by 300 pixels.
So we don't need those robots to have that big of an image.
And this is a small error in the code.
If we go here to the card component the API of roba hash access that we give it a query parameter of
size because 200 by 200.
So that now if we save and we're going to want to start because that is our deployed Web site you want
to just run it locally for now let's open up the network tab and there you go.
Our size is now 200 by 200.
Robots are looking a little bit smaller but this is what we want looks good.
Right.
Let's run NPM run.
Deploy and see what kind of score we get.
Now now while this is running keep in mind that until the deploy is run and then gets published it might
take a while to actually propagate to our website.
It says published here now.
But if I go to my app so the u r l and open up the tab and refresh we see that we're still getting the
robots at 300 by 300.
So the changes haven't propagated yet.
So you have to wait a couple minutes for that to happen which is a little bit frustrating but hey it's
a good chance for you to grab a cup tea.
Let's refresh again.
See if anything changes.
No.
All right.
I am just going to keep waiting here.
And I'm back at him make me wait.
It wasn't too bad.
It was just like a minute wait but now I see that my robot images are the proper size.
If I go into the console I still have a bit of a console lock here from the button but it's all right.
Let's run the lighthouse score and see what happens.
How great things are looking a lot better.
We have a hundred for a CEO a hundred for accessibility a handler for best practices.
We have our performance web app which or a progressive Web app which we definitely want to improve and
a bit of a performance issue.
If we actually make this a little smaller and compared to our numbers from before we see that we've
definitely improved these two aspects which is great.
And you might not even notice it but our images now are loading a lot faster.
You can see that the issue is not to serve images in next Schempp format as it was before but now the
biggest issue is reduce render blocking stylesheets.
And we know about that right.
If we click on here it says hey for critical resources consider adding the stealth tag in the HDMI file
and just load the other one so you don't need later on but that's something that we've already done
so we're not going to focus ourselves with by the way.
If my internet connection was better I'll probably get 100 percent for this regardless because these
times aren't too bad.
But overall we've improved everything.
We just need to improve our progress of app now.
And looking at this I see that there are some unused rules in the stylesheet that I could perhaps also
look into but that's something I can do on your own or you might want to see that.
Well these robots because they're being rendered towards the end aren't actually needed until the user
scrolls.
Again that's something that we can do with above the fold loading but we've already talked about so
in the next video.
Let's focus on this.
Let's make this a progressive webapp.
I'll see in that one.